---
ID: 547
post_title: FAQ
author: Conny Liegl
post_excerpt: ""
layout: page
permalink: >
  https://renovation-staging.lib.calpoly.edu/faq/
published: true
post_date: 2017-11-07 15:58:50
---
[et_pb_section fb_built="1" _builder_version="3.0.89" custom_padding="132.781px|0px|0px|0px"][et_pb_row make_fullwidth="on" _builder_version="3.0.89"][et_pb_column type="4_4" _builder_version="3.0.89" parallax="off" parallax_method="on"][et_pb_text _builder_version="3.0.89"]<h1>Frequently asked <strong>questions</strong></h1>[/et_pb_text][/et_pb_column][/et_pb_row][/et_pb_section][et_pb_section fb_built="1" _builder_version="3.0.47" custom_padding="75px|0px|50px|0px"][et_pb_row make_fullwidth="on" custom_padding="14.2969px|0px|40px|0px" _builder_version="3.0.87" background_size="initial" background_position="top_left" background_repeat="repeat"][et_pb_column type="1_2" _builder_version="3.0.47" parallax="off" parallax_method="on"][et_pb_text _builder_version="3.0.87"]<p><span style="font-size: large;"><strong>Will air-conditioning be included as part of the renovation project?</strong></span></p>
<p class="m_1395040769214602009x_MsoNormal"><span>Improving thermal comfort during all times of the year is an important focus of the project. The team will be evaluating several cost-effective and sustainable strategies that will allow us to implement the best solutions.</span></p>[/et_pb_text][/et_pb_column][et_pb_column type="1_2" _builder_version="3.0.47" parallax="off" parallax_method="on"][et_pb_text _builder_version="3.0.87"]<p><span style="font-size: large;"><strong>What else will be improved during the renovation?</strong></span></p>
<p><span>The design team is looking for ways to improve thermal comfort, increase the number of seats, improve wayfinding, add more classrooms, and improve access to all services.  We’re trying to keep everything visitors love about the existing library and fix everything they don’t. </span></p>[/et_pb_text][/et_pb_column][/et_pb_row][et_pb_row make_fullwidth="on" custom_padding="14.2969px|0px|40px|0px" _builder_version="3.0.87"][et_pb_column type="1_2" _builder_version="3.0.87" parallax="off" parallax_method="on"][et_pb_text _builder_version="3.0.87"]<p class="m_1395040769214602009x_MsoNormal"><span style="font-size: large;"><strong>Who is funding this project?</strong></span></p>
<p class="m_1395040769214602009x_MsoNormal"><span>The renovation project is funded through a California State University system-wide state bond.</span></p>[/et_pb_text][/et_pb_column][et_pb_column type="1_2" _builder_version="3.0.87" parallax="off" parallax_method="on"][et_pb_text _builder_version="3.0.87"]<p class="m_1395040769214602009x_MsoNormal"><span style="font-size: large;"><strong>When will construction start? </strong></span></p>
<p class="m_1395040769214602009x_MsoNormal"><span>Construction is anticipated to start in 2020.</span></p>[/et_pb_text][/et_pb_column][/et_pb_row][/et_pb_section][et_pb_section fb_built="1" background_color="rgba(212,215,203,0.32)" _builder_version="3.0.87" custom_padding="50px|0px|50px|0px"][et_pb_row make_fullwidth="on" _builder_version="3.0.87"][et_pb_column type="1_2" _builder_version="3.0.87" parallax="off" parallax_method="on"][et_pb_text _builder_version="3.0.87"]<p style="text-align: left;"><span style="font-size: large;"><strong>How can I contribute my ideas to the planning process?</strong> </span></p>
<p style="text-align: left;"><span>We’d love to hear your thoughts on the future of Kennedy Library.<br /><span style="text-decoration: underline; color: #000000;"><a href="https://renovation-staging.lib.calpoly.edu/share" style="color: #000000; text-decoration: underline;">Visit our contact page to leave us feedback.</a></span></span></p>[/et_pb_text][/et_pb_column][et_pb_column type="1_2" _builder_version="3.0.87" parallax="off" parallax_method="on"][et_pb_video src="https://vimeo.com/243916184" _builder_version="3.0.87"][/et_pb_video][/et_pb_column][/et_pb_row][/et_pb_section]